STYLEATLAS One-Pass Instructions to Fix Every Remaining Website Error Final implementation brief for an AI coding agent Website: https://www.thestyleatlas.com Live findings checked: 26 August 2026 Primary domain: https://www.thestyleatlas.com Purpose Complete the remaining corrections in one controlled pass, verify them on the deployed website, and return evidence. Do not repeat already completed work or replace truthful production content with demo data. 1. Master instruction to the AI agent Use this document as the single source of truth for the remaining STYLEATLAS work. Inspect the repository, framework, database schema, deployment configuration and existing tests before editing. Adapt the examples to the project’s actual architecture. Do not create duplicate routes, parallel components or a second metadata system when an existing shared implementation can be corrected. Completion rule Do not say “all issues fixed” until the changes are deployed and every acceptance test in this document has passed on the production domain. A successful build is not proof that the live visitor journey works. Work order Create a clean working branch and record the current production commit or deployment ID. Run baseline tests and save screenshots, response timings and failing routes. Locate all data sources and shared components involved in Marketplace, newsletter CTAs, Pricing, metadata and public-page rendering. Implement Sections 3 to 9 in order. Reuse shared components and configuration. Run unit, integration, accessibility, link, responsive and performance tests. Deploy to a preview environment and test it. Then deploy to production only if the preview passes. Test the production domain again and produce the required final evidence report. Hard rules ☐ Preserve all verified fixes already live: fabricated events removed, honest directory empty state, working Help Centre articles, corrected escrow wording, working homepage search and truthful inventory language. ☐ Do not add fictional professionals, products, reviews, ratings, jobs, events, authors, counters or testimonials. ☐ Do not delete genuine approved records. Before any database deletion, export the targeted rows and verify their status and provenance. ☐ Do not invent social URLs, telephone numbers, office addresses, legal approvals or service availability. ☐ Do not advertise checkout, escrow, automatic renewal, VAT treatment or refunds as active while paid enrolment is unavailable. ☐ Do not solve empty data by hard-coding a false count or hiding a database error. ☐ Do not weaken authentication, row-level security, validation, rate limits or approval workflows. ☐ Do not make the whole public website dynamic or uncached merely to support one personalised feature. ☐ Do not report target performance numbers unless they were measured on the deployed website. 2. Baseline and codebase discovery Before changing code, identify the exact implementation. The agent must report the paths it finds for each item below. Area Locate Confirm before editing Marketplace Route, catalogue component, query, count, filters, pagination and seed files Approved-product query and exact zero-state condition Newsletter Footer form, subscription API/server action and every update CTA Whether the anchor or a dedicated route is the canonical journey Pricing Plan source, cards, disclosures, CTA component and authentication redirects Whether any live payment provider and checkout exist Metadata Root layout, route metadata, sitemap, robots and canonical helper Whether the app uses Next.js App Router, Pages Router or another framework Performance Middleware, auth checks, public queries, cache policy, images and third-party scripts Baseline TTFB and render mode for each public page Homepage copy Marketplace service card and all marketplace CTAs Every claim matches the current pre-launch state Required baseline evidence ☐ Production screenshots of Marketplace and Pricing before correction. ☐ HTTP status for /, /directory, /marketplace, /events, /help, /pricing, /privacy, /terms, /journal and /newsletter. ☐ Current title, description, canonical and robots value for every public route. ☐ At least three uncached and three warm TTFB measurements for the homepage and directory. ☐ Database counts for products grouped by status, published flag and seller status. ☐ Repository-wide search results for /newsletter, 24 verified products, escrow, billed monthly, renew automatically and no-store. 3. Fix Marketplace completely Current failure: the route has no product cards but still renders sorting, filters, category controls and five pages of pagination. This makes the pre-launch page look broken. 3.1 Use one authoritative product query The public marketplace must receive only genuinely publishable products. Apply the equivalent of all three conditions in the project’s real schema: status = 'approved' published = true seller_status = 'active' Calculate the count from the filtered result or from a matching server-side count query. Do not use a hard-coded count, mock array or seed fixture in production. If the query fails, log the operational error safely and show a service-error state. Do not mislabel a database failure as “zero products”. 3.2 Render mutually exclusive states if (queryError) return &lt;MarketplaceErrorState /&gt;; if (approvedProducts.length === 0) return &lt;MarketplaceComingSoon /&gt;; return &lt;MarketplaceCatalogue products={approvedProducts} /&gt;; When the approved count is zero, render only the launch state. Do not mount catalogue controls in the DOM, even if CSS hides them. 3.3 Exact launch-state content Eyebrow STYLEATLAS Marketplace Heading Nigerian fashion, selected with care. Description We’re currently onboarding verified Nigerian designers, brands and independent makers for the first STYLEATLAS marketplace collection. Primary CTA: Apply as a founding seller. Link it to the genuine seller application or marketplace enquiry journey. If no dedicated application exists, use /contact with a safe enquiry-category parameter that the Contact form understands. Secondary CTA: Get marketplace updates. Link it to the working footer newsletter anchor described in Section 4. 3.4 Remove in pre-launch mode ☐ Sort selector ☐ Filter button or drawer ☐ Category chips ☐ Product count ☐ Product grid placeholders ☐ Pagination and next-page arrows ☐ Cart promotion ☐ Escrow or payment claims ☐ “Shop now” language ☐ Structured data that claims products, offers, ratings or availability 3.5 Catalogue mode rules for the future Render sorting and filters only when approved products exist. Render pagination only when total approved products exceed the configured page size. Reject an invalid or out-of-range page parameter with a safe canonical result, not an empty fake page. Never count drafts, rejected products, unpublished products or products belonging to inactive sellers. Marketplace acceptance tests ☐ /marketplace returns HTTP 200. ☐ With zero approved products, launch copy and both CTAs are visible. ☐ With zero approved products, filters, sorting, product counts, grids and pagination are absent from rendered HTML. ☐ No fake product or Product/Offer structured data is emitted. ☐ A safe test with one approved, published product from an active test seller renders catalogue mode in a non-production test environment. ☐ Draft, rejected, unpublished and inactive-seller products remain hidden. ☐ The marketplace page has one H1, unique metadata and a self-referencing canonical. 4. Fix every newsletter and update CTA Current failure: Marketplace and Jobs update links point to /newsletter, which returns 404. Use one working subscription journey across the site. Recommended implementation Use the existing footer newsletter form. Give its wrapper a stable ID and update every launch or update CTA to point to it: &lt;section id="newsletter-email" aria-labelledby="newsletter-heading"&gt; ... &lt;/section&gt; Use href="/#newsletter-email" from inner pages so the browser reaches the homepage or global footer anchor reliably. If the footer is rendered on every route and same-page scrolling is verified, /marketplace#newsletter-email and /jobs#newsletter-email are also acceptable. Choose one pattern and use it consistently. Update Marketplace, Jobs, Events, Directory empty states, Pricing waitlist buttons and any homepage launch CTA. Do not create /newsletter merely to silence a 404 unless it contains a complete, working and accessible subscription page. Newsletter form requirements ☐ Visible email label ☐ Unique id and name ☐ type="email" ☐ autocomplete="email" ☐ Server-side validation ☐ Consent wording if marketing consent is required ☐ Spam protection and rate limiting ☐ Accessible success and error messages ☐ No email address in the URL or analytics event payload ☐ Privacy Policy link ☐ Duplicate-subscription handling that does not expose account information Newsletter acceptance tests ☐ No public CTA links to the broken /newsletter route. ☐ Every “Get updates” or “Join the waitlist” CTA reaches the visible newsletter form. ☐ Keyboard focus moves to the form or its heading after navigation. ☐ Invalid email shows a helpful error. ☐ Valid test submission shows confirmation. ☐ No personal information appears in URLs, logs exposed to clients or analytics. ☐ Repository link test reports no broken /newsletter destination. 5. Correct Pricing for pre-launch Current failure: the page says paid enrolment is unavailable but later describes monthly billing, VAT at checkout, automatic renewal, cancellation and refunds as if subscriptions are active. 5.1 Confirm payment reality first Inspect provider keys, webhook handlers, checkout routes, subscription records and production configuration. If any required payment or subscription component is incomplete, keep paid enrolment disabled. Do not test with real money unless the owner has explicitly authorised a controlled payment test. 5.2 Exact pre-launch replacements Pricing disclosure Pro and Premium enrolment is not yet available. The displayed amounts are planned launch prices and may change before paid enrolment opens. No payment will be taken at this stage. Join the waitlist to be notified when enrolment becomes available. Replace price labels: Pro: Planned launch price: ₦15,000/month Premium: Planned launch price: ₦45,000/month Replace paid-plan actions with working “Join the waitlist” buttons that lead to the newsletter form. Keep the free-plan action only if account creation and free listing genuinely work. 5.3 Remove or rewrite ☐ Remove active statements that all paid plans are billed monthly. ☐ Remove “VAT will be added at checkout” unless tax treatment and checkout are final and legally reviewed. ☐ Remove active automatic-renewal wording. ☐ Remove active cancellation, downgrade and partial-refund wording. ☐ Remove checkout redirects and selectable paid-plan parameters while no real checkout is available. ☐ Mark unfinished paid features as planned or remove them. Do not show checkmarks that imply availability. ☐ Keep the accurate statement that marketplace payments and escrow are not currently available. 5.4 Comparison table and FAQ If the comparison table remains, distinguish “Available now” from “Planned”. Working free features may use checkmarks. Planned paid features should use plain text such as “Planned for launch”, not an active checkmark. Paying must never imply guaranteed verification. FAQ answers about VAT, renewal, cancellation and refunds must say final terms will be published before enrolment opens. Explain that verification is a separate review and payment will not guarantee approval. Remove any marketplace-fee amount that has not been finalised. Pricing acceptance tests ☐ No paid-plan button starts login or checkout. ☐ Pro and Premium waitlist buttons work. ☐ No active billing, VAT-at-checkout, renewal, cancellation or refund claim remains. ☐ Planned prices are clearly labelled and cannot be mistaken for a live offer. ☐ No payment request is sent from the page. ☐ The comparison table labels unfinished features accurately. ☐ Pricing has unique metadata and canonical URL. 6. Add canonical URLs and unique metadata Current failure: checked pages have no canonical URL, and several pages inherit the homepage title or description. 6.1 Build one shared metadata system Set the production metadata base to https://www.thestyleatlas.com. Generate one absolute, self-referencing canonical for every indexable route. Strip query parameters used only for filtering, tracking or pagination from the canonical unless the SEO strategy explicitly requires an indexable variant. Do not emit two canonical tags from nested layouts. Set Open Graph URL to the canonical URL and use the primary www domain everywhere. metadataBase: new URL('https://www.thestyleatlas.com'), alternates: { canonical: '/marketplace' }, openGraph: { url: '/marketplace' } 6.2 Required page titles Route Required title / STYLEATLAS | Find Nigerian Fashion Designers and Brands /directory Nigerian Fashion Professionals Directory | STYLEATLAS /marketplace Nigerian Fashion Marketplace | STYLEATLAS /events Nigerian Fashion Events | STYLEATLAS /jobs Nigerian Fashion Jobs | STYLEATLAS /pricing Membership Plans for Fashion Businesses | STYLEATLAS /help STYLEATLAS Help Centre /journal Nigerian Fashion Journal | STYLEATLAS /add-business List Your Fashion Business | STYLEATLAS /verification How STYLEATLAS Verification Works /about About STYLEATLAS | Nigerian Fashion Directory /contact Contact STYLEATLAS /privacy Privacy Policy | STYLEATLAS /terms Terms of Service | STYLEATLAS /accessibility Accessibility Statement | STYLEATLAS /editorial-policy Editorial Policy | STYLEATLAS 6.3 Description, sharing and robots rules Write a unique, factual meta description for every route. Do not reuse the homepage description on policies or account journeys. Add Open Graph title, description, URL and suitable image. Add Twitter card metadata. Index public informational routes. Use noindex, nofollow for private dashboards, account pages, checkout, preview pages and internal search results where appropriate. Ensure the sitemap contains only canonical, public, indexable 200-status URLs. Exclude /newsletter if it does not exist. Ensure robots.txt references the correct sitemap and does not block assets needed for rendering. Metadata acceptance tests ☐ Exactly one canonical exists on every public indexable route. ☐ Every canonical uses https://www.thestyleatlas.com. ☐ Privacy, Terms, Add Business, Verification and Editorial Policy no longer use homepage metadata. ☐ Every checked page has a unique title and description. ☐ Open Graph URL matches canonical. ☐ Sitemap URLs return 200 and are canonical. ☐ 404, login, account, dashboard and checkout routes are not indexable. ☐ No alternate non-www domain is emitted in metadata. 7. Correct premature homepage Marketplace language Current failure: the homepage still invites visitors to shop ready-to-wear, accessories and made-to-order pieces although the Marketplace has no approved products. Required copy change Card title Marketplace launching soon Card description Join the launch list for updates as verified Nigerian designers, brands and independent makers are added. CTA Join the marketplace launch list Link the CTA to the working newsletter form. Remove “Shop the marketplace”, “Shop ready-to-wear” and any current-availability wording across the homepage, navigation, footer and structured data. Acceptance tests ☐ No homepage copy says products can currently be shopped. ☐ The launch CTA works and reaches the newsletter form. ☐ Marketplace language is consistent across homepage, Marketplace, Pricing, Terms and Privacy. ☐ No Product or Offer schema is present when there are no approved products. 8. Diagnose and fix performance Latest observed TTFB was approximately 8.77 seconds for the homepage and 4.99 seconds for Directory. Treat these as symptoms to reproduce, not permanent benchmark facts. Measure again from more than one run and distinguish cold from warm requests. 8.1 Instrument before optimising ☐ Record server timing for middleware, authentication, database connection, each query, render and external calls. ☐ Run at least three cold and three warm tests per critical route. ☐ Check whether hosting and database regions are aligned. ☐ Inspect database query plans and indexes for marketplace, directory and homepage queries. ☐ Identify sequential requests that can run concurrently. ☐ Check whether public middleware performs session refresh or database work on every request. ☐ Search for global cache: no-store, force-dynamic and uncached cookies/headers usage. ☐ Inspect bundle output and image transfer size. 8.2 Rendering and caching Use static generation or controlled revalidation for Homepage, About, Pricing, Help, policies, Journal archive and other public editorial pages. Use revalidation for approved directory and marketplace data where appropriate. A five-minute example is reasonable only if it matches content freshness needs. export const revalidate = 300; Tag or invalidate cached data when an admin approves or updates public records. Do not wait for stale content indefinitely. Do not read authentication state in public layouts unless the visible page genuinely depends on it. Isolate personalised controls in a small client or dynamic boundary. Combine duplicate queries. Fetch independent data concurrently. Select only required columns. Add database indexes only after confirming the query plan. Record every migration. 8.3 Images and JavaScript ☐ Set intrinsic width and height. ☐ Use responsive sizes and WebP or AVIF. ☐ Prioritise only the actual LCP hero image. ☐ Lazy-load below-the-fold media. ☐ Use a mobile crop rather than a desktop image scaled down. ☐ Remove code and imports for deleted homepage sections. ☐ Keep static sections as server-rendered HTML where possible. ☐ Lazy-load non-critical interactions. ☐ Audit fonts and third-party scripts. ☐ Do not load Marketplace, dashboard or Events bundles on the homepage. 8.4 Safety and correctness Caching must never expose drafts, private dashboards, user-specific data or authentication responses. Preserve cache separation for personalised content and use secure invalidation after approval or suspension. Do not remove security middleware merely to improve response time. Narrow its route matcher or remove unnecessary work from public requests. Performance acceptance tests ☐ Measure Homepage, Directory, Marketplace, Events, Help and Pricing after deployment. ☐ Report median and individual cold/warm TTFB values, test location, timestamp and tool. ☐ Cached public-page TTFB is below 800 ms or every remaining blocker is documented with evidence. ☐ Mobile LCP is below 2.5 seconds, INP below 200 ms and CLS below 0.1 under a documented test profile. ☐ Mobile Lighthouse targets: Performance 85+, Accessibility 95+, Best Practices 95+, SEO 95+. ☐ No private or draft content appears through caching. ☐ No visual regression, missing content or stale approval state is introduced. 9. Automated tests and regression protection 9.1 Broken-link crawler Crawl every public internal link in preview and production. Fail the deployment check for unexpected 4xx/5xx responses, empty href values, href="#", javascript links, /feature, broken /newsletter links, buttons without actions and incorrect redirects. Allow intentional fragment links only when the target ID exists on the destination page. 9.2 Content-integrity test Search code, seed files and production-facing database records for misleading remnants: 24 verified products 50 events Lorem ipsum Demo UI kit Shop the marketplace Shop ready-to-wear /feature / newsletter route references active escrow claims renew automatically VAT will be added at checkout hard-coded ratings or unsupported counters 9.3 Functional browser tests ☐ Homepage search passes category, city and speciality parameters to Directory. ☐ Marketplace zero state has two working CTAs and no catalogue controls. ☐ Pricing waitlist CTAs reach and focus the newsletter form. ☐ Newsletter validation, success and error states work. ☐ Jobs and Events update CTAs work. ☐ All Help Centre article links return 200. ☐ Directory request and update actions work. ☐ Mobile menu opens, traps focus, closes with Escape and restores focus. 9.4 Responsive test matrix Test 320×568, 360×800, 375×667, 390×844, 412×915, 768×1024, 820×1180, 1024×768, 1280×800, 1440×900 and 1920×1080. ☐ No horizontal scroll ☐ No clipped or overlapping copy ☐ No inaccessible or tiny controls ☐ No empty catalogue UI ☐ Correct image crops ☐ Footer and newsletter form work ☐ Long labels wrap safely ☐ Sticky UI does not cover content 9.5 Accessibility checks ☐ One H1 per page and logical headings ☐ Skip link ☐ Visible focus ☐ Labels, IDs, names and autocomplete ☐ Accessible errors and status announcements ☐ 44×44-pixel tap targets ☐ Colour contrast at WCAG AA ☐ Reduced-motion support ☐ Keyboard-operable controls ☐ Axe or equivalent automated audit plus manual keyboard test 10. Deployment sequence Run linting, type checks, unit tests and production build locally or in CI. Run database migrations in a safe preview or staging environment first. Do not delete unknown production records. Deploy a preview build and run the complete link, browser, responsive, accessibility, metadata and performance checks. Review preview screenshots against the requirements in this document. Deploy the approved commit to production. Purge or revalidate caches deliberately so corrected copy and metadata appear. Run the same checks against https://www.thestyleatlas.com. Do not rely on preview results alone. If a critical regression appears, roll back to the recorded production deployment and report the cause. 11. Final production acceptance checklist Marketplace ☐ Honest launch state is visible at zero approved products. ☐ Filters, sorting, counts, grid and pagination are absent. ☐ Both launch CTAs work. ☐ No product, offer, rating or escrow claim is emitted. Newsletter and CTAs ☐ No broken /newsletter link remains. ☐ Marketplace, Jobs, Events, Directory and Pricing update CTAs work. ☐ Subscription validation, confirmation, privacy and rate limiting work. Pricing ☐ Planned prices are labelled. ☐ Paid enrolment remains disabled. ☐ No active checkout, VAT, renewal, cancellation or refund language remains. ☐ Waitlist buttons work. ☐ Payment does not imply verification. Metadata and SEO ☐ Every public indexable page has one absolute canonical. ☐ Every route has a unique factual title and description. ☐ Open Graph and Twitter metadata are correct. ☐ Sitemap contains only valid canonical pages. ☐ Private and error routes are noindex. Homepage ☐ Marketplace is described as launching soon. ☐ No current-shopping claim remains. ☐ Search still works. ☐ Earlier truthfulness fixes remain intact. Performance and quality ☐ Production timings and Lighthouse evidence are attached. ☐ Broken-link test passes. ☐ Content-integrity test passes. ☐ Accessibility test passes. ☐ All required viewport tests pass. ☐ No regression to Events, Help, Directory, Privacy or Terms. 12. Required final report from the AI agent Return one report with evidence. Use “Passed”, “Failed” or “Blocked” for every item. Do not use “Done” without a test result. Production commit hash and deployment URL or ID. Every file changed, with a one-line reason. Every database migration and data mutation. Include before-and-after counts. Do not expose private data. Routes created, removed or redirected. Marketplace query and zero-state test results. All newsletter/update CTA destinations and submission test result. Pricing copy and CTA test results. Metadata table showing route, status, title, description, canonical and robots value. Repository-wide content-integrity search results. Broken-link crawl summary and full list of any failures. Responsive screenshots or test evidence for every required viewport. Automated and manual accessibility results. Before-and-after cold and warm performance measurements. Lighthouse results with device profile, location and timestamp. Known remaining issues, why they remain and the safest next action. Information still required from the website owner. Final prohibition Do not claim the website is fully fixed if any critical production acceptance test fails, if the corrected code has not been deployed, or if evidence comes only from a local environment. 13. Copy-and-paste master prompt Send this prompt with the document Fix every remaining STYLEATLAS issue by following the attached document in order. Begin with codebase and database discovery, preserve the fixes already live, and do not add demo or fictional content. Complete Marketplace pre-launch logic, repair every update CTA, correct pre-launch Pricing, add canonical URLs and unique metadata, replace premature homepage Marketplace wording, and diagnose performance with measurements. Add regression tests. Test preview first, then production. Do not report completion until every production acceptance test passes and you provide the full evidence report required in Section 12. If the implementation differs from an example, adapt it to the existing architecture instead of creating duplicate systems. If a change could delete genuine data, stop that mutation, report the exact records and request owner confirmation.